Dear Hire Manager.  

I am Jaehyek Choi, currently working for LG Electronics.

I like to briefly introduce my history as an Embedded / Firmware Engineer for more than 15 years.

To be more specific,
1)I have developed   Windows Graphic Device Driver, DirectDraw, Direct3D and BIOS for PCI-bused Graphic Card
 when I joined  Samsung Electronics Graphic Accelerator SOC team. 
 At this time, I used windows SDK/DDK (about 10 years)
 
2) At SynerTek Korea PDA SOC development 
  I have developed USB Storage Device Driver and Camera Device Driver for RealTime OS, and 
  USB Device Driver for Windows OS. 
  And I analyzed the JPEG/MPEG spec, and guided H/W design structure to H/W Team  (Over two years)
  
3) As a Bluetooth Stack Leader in Motorola Korea
  I participated in the development of phone for Korea. (1.5 years)
  and I have developed lot of device driver such as LCD, NOR flash memory, PMIC etc .

4) At LG Electronics
  I was Feature Phone S / W development Project Leader for Verizon Wireless (over 2 years)
  Currently, I am responsible for the reliability of DDR, eMMC, and UFS Memory products. (Over 4 years)
  
Especially,I have developed the eMMC device driver for Android phone, and tested the eMMC and UFS components by creating a system 
which was composed of two BSP , one is interface board, another is core board to test components.
The Target Test purpose is  to check the sanity of FTL ( Flash Translation Layer ).

I have Issued a certificate to vendors and allowing the part to apply to the products.
In addition, new test items are updated through reproducibility and analysis of defects in the field.
The vendors that contact me are Samsung, SK hynix, SanDisk, Toshiba, and Micron.

If I list up any additional experiences I have,
Statistically accessible (currently available with Six Sigma MBB),
Data Mining is available (SQL (2 years), Python (6 years)),
and I can automate any functions. (Deep Learning (1.5 years), MFC (10 years))


For more details, please refer to the enclosed resume.
Thank you
